Okay, so, we have,
everything defined for a CDK,
we have everything defined for Go code.
Now, I have to handle this interesting
portion of deployment code.
So you may think, OK, let's just create
another executable and then send it over.
Because we have to provide the runtime,
it gets a little bit more involved.
So here, we're actually going to type in,
Go operating software,
is gonna be Linux, okay?
Go arch, arch, by the way,
is gonna be AMD 64, okay?
And now we're gonna do go build-output and
you have to call it bootstrap.
This is a hard requirement on
the provisioned native AWS Linux system,
that's what the AL portion stands for
in the runtime, AL Amazon Linux, okay?
If you run this,
now we have this bootstrap executable.
You can go ahead and
remove that main if you want.
Cool, I almost had a heart attack,
I thought I just removed all of main.go,
luckily I didn't.
So now we just have to bootstrap, but
we're not done because this also
expects us to pass in a zip file.
We can't just pass in the binary,
we have to zip it.
So you can do zip function.zip and
the name of the binary bootstrap.
So now we have an executable that we
can run and the zip version of it.
And the name that function.zip
is essentially random, but
it has to map to where we defined
our go_cdk code here, function.zip.
Okay, this is the kind of
thing like telling CDK, hey,
this is where we put your code, take it.
Okay, so we zipped it, now, we can CD
back out to the root of our project.
And this is where we're gonna
run our first CDK command.
I'm gonna clear this, I'm gonna cdk diff.
And like we saw earlier,
cdk diff is basically gonna compare
a snapshot in time of the previous
deployed version of our stack and
application with the new version
of what we wanna deploy.
Luckily for us, we don't have that
snapshot, so there's gonna be all net new,
which is why it's Green positives, right?
We're asking, hey, it recognized that
we are going to create a new lambda,
it's gonna give it an associate role for
the lambda and
the actual lambda function, right?
It recognized myLambdaFunction,
that's what we call that construct,
that's what we call that piece
of code in the resource.
It's actually right here,
my Lambda function.
So it recognized it, it picked it up.
So with cdk diff out of the way,
we can now run CDK deploy.
It's gonna synthesize, right?
We know what synthesizing is.
To make it native to Cloudformation,
some magic under the hood here.
And one thing I want to add
while we syndicate deploy,
it's gonna give us this kind of prop of
like, hey, there's some changes here.
Do you want to deploy these changes?
And it's not just me telling you,
hey, yeah,
some infrastructure is more expensive
Expensive, more costly to deploy, it's
a well-known thing in cloud infrastructure
that if you deploy something incorrectly,
it's kind of out of,
it's only in your hands, right?
Because it could be expensive,
it could be a long time for it to deploy.
That's why there's these levels of,
are you sure you want to deploy this?
Double-check everything.
Make sure it's working.
What'd you actually expect it to do?Right.
So here you can see we have that summary.
Okay, the lambda function looks good to
me a policy change for a new function.
This was good to me you wish
to deploy these changes?
Yes, I do.
Question.
>> Did get a error on CDK bootstrap So
here,
I think there was a prerequisite
in getting started with CDK,
where I believe it does have,
so install this AWS CDK CLI,
and there's like a bootstrap environment.
I'm going to assume maybe CERN
users didn't do this step.
Maybe I didn't communicate.
This correctly for everyone, my apologies.
But it'd be good to just follow that and
bootstrap your environment.
That does take some time.
Infrastructure is slow.
And you'll realize like iteration speed
when creating new infra is a slow task and
so it There's a lot of that goes into
it to make sure we do it correctly.
And so Boots Shop is one of those aspects
where it's able to basically create all
the artifacts for you to run the C DK
deploys to run the CDK diffs and
map it to your account.
Curious
>> On the line 21 there?
>> Yeah.
>> With the string name.
Can you talk a little bit
about Abservability and
sort of troubleshooting
when it comes to that name.
Is that the key that you try
to trace throughout your
system if something's going wrong?
<< Yes, but yes, the answer is yes.
This is kind of, because you can have
multiple Lambda functions, right?
So let's say we have one.
So it's kind of easy in this or.
Architecture.
Okay,there's a problem in Lambda.
I know where it is.
Lemme just go in there and fix it up.
But what if you had like 13 crazy example,
bear with me.
We need to identify each Lambda
function with this unique identifier so
that when we get errors upstream from
our clients, or even in the code itself,
we'll actually have logs that say,
This Lambda, your My Lambda function or
Lambda 123 or Register User Lambda,
experience an error, and
that's where you can go trace
your actual Lambda code.
>> I've been burned by trying
to make my own zip files for
Lambda before by using
the Mac OS Zip function.
It ends up creating a folder
with all your stuff in it.
If you have your stuff Stuff in a folder,
Lambda will fail.
So command line version,
very tidy way to do it.
>> Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So thank you for bringing that up.
Everything I try to do is command line.
There's gonna be portions where
we're gonna like, down the road,
where we deploy multiple routes for
a function.
We can test these routes on the UI,
no Going to use straight up curl requests
to do it the way we're supposed to.
So I'm a big fan of doing as
much as I can and see a lot and
not bring in third parties or
packages when I don't need to.